[COMMON] SOUND
- Consider several "music tracks", in the sense as something looping in the 
background. Each soundtrack is indicated with the "M" var in the map file. For 
the time being, the parsing only allow one music track. The purpose of another 
one is for example to have ambient sound, such as the wind. Something I have to 
make clear to future me: DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT... Try to determine whether 
the player is indoors or outdoors, this is more complex than you imagine. Let 
the map designer make their own decisions. It's not complicated for them to 
have a map with only the outside of buildings, no way to get inside them 
besides a portal for the door, and then a smaller map for the inside of the 
building. The "inside" map could encompass all the buildings of a map, the 
designer doesn't have to create a new map for each building. This way, the 
sound fits. And if you wonder how such a map can be written when "islands" 
are not allowed, remember that a space can be used to represent a literal empty 
cell, and the walkable areas are still enclosed in walls because they are 
the inner part of buildings, aka they have walls. What's not allowed is a mere 
newline.
- Consider sound effects. For example when collecting something (one sound for 
all collectibles). Also a jingle when reaching the winning screen, and a damage 
sound effect when reaching the losing screen. I don't want a sound when 
crossing a portal, as certain portals ought to be discreet. In any case, don't 
have these tracks be indicated in a hardcoded manner. They are indicated in the 
map file. They are their own line. For example, "M_COLLEC", "M_WIN", "M_LOSE", 
and the simple "M" becomes "M_BG". This could be the "M" of MP3, instead of 
using "T" for "track" which could remind of "texture".

[COMMON] MISCELLEANEOUS
- In the minimap, instead of a little dash, have a cone to represent the field 
of view. Either only show what's within the cone, or make what's outside of it 
darker.
- Can it run on Windows? It's the priority now. Make it run on Windows before 
doing anything else. And then, the only new thing you're doing is to improve 
performance. Then, make a video to illustrate Olafur and maybe lock the project 
for now.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[BONUS] PERF
- Do the thing with the caching of trigo values. Does it help performance?
- Once you have done your best, implement multithreading for the map loading. 
Carry on with the game while a map is loading in the background. If we try to 
access a map which isn't yet loaded (because no map exists yet and we just got 
here, or because we have hit its portal and should teleport), show a loading 
screen. Does multithreading help with the lagging at all?
- If it does help, use it for raycasting as well. Try to cut it in half: one 
thread for the left side of the screen, and another thread for the right. Does 
it help? Should you try four threads?

[BONUS] LEVELS - SELECT SCREEN
- Instead of giving a map file as argument, you can give a directory. The game 
fetches all the map files present there, recursively. If only one map exists, 
it's loaded automatically. Otherwise, a select screen shows up. It lists the 
maps as they came in, with the name being their filename without the extension. 
You can select any of them. For the name being displayed, it's actually not 
just the filename. It's the path starting after the folder, and without "*.map" 
at the end. For example, for "maps/" as argument, it's "OLAFUR/AFG" and 
"TEST/DGN".
- Remove the BACKSPACE shortcut, and use the menu instead, accessible from 
pressing ESCAPE. It allows you to pick another level, to reset your current 
level (destroy the map and load it again but without calling `add_map`, call 
`create_map` directly - create a function to reset a map and store it where it 
was in the man->maps array, and if it didn't work then remove this array elem 
from the array), or to reset your transform in this level.

[BONUS] MISCELLANEOUS
- Add a decoration texture to a wall. It's a texture on top of the wall 
texture. You can use it in the pool map, for the legs and the ladder (place the 
ladder on the "stairs" wall).
- I'd be nice if we could see the back textures of a transparent cell, for 
example the chicken stall in afg. I know I've failed once, but damn, that'd be 
nice. But be mindful of the case where there's another cell right behind this 
one. You would show the back tex of A in front of the front tex of B. To test 
this, place an opaque cell right behind a stall cell.
- Fix the weird jagged rendering when a wall is taller than 1.0 height.
- Continue raycasting through portals, both as a corridor and as an Aperture 
Science's portal.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[BONUS] GAMEPLAY
- Do we do this thing where reaching the goal can bring us to another level, 
and if there's no more level then it's victory? I know I already have portals, 
but it's not just about reaching another level, through not overriding its 
start point. It's about doing this Doom thing where we see the conclusion of 
the level: the items we collected, how long we took, and whatever honorable 
mentions we could think of. I don't know.
- Have a general icon for collectibles: a small circle using the same pattern 
as the goal texture (switching between these two specific colors).
- When entering a map with collectibles in it, these are showcased right under 
the general collectible line. The icon of the map collectible is shown, with 
how many have been found and how many are available. For example, in Olafur's 
afg map, each book is a single line, because they are different collectibles, 
and not several instances of the same one.
- A life bar, and losing life when hitting a trap, and recovering life when 
picking up a healing item.
- An inventory system. You no longer automatically consume the item on pickup.
- The ability to drop an item to the ground (without destroying it, so it can 
be picked up again).
- Certain doors and portals don't open and close on distance, they require an 
interaction. It's simply the hit of the Enter key once close enough to the 
target. Ponder over whether this is useful for a door/portal to have their ways 
of opening and closing be different.
- Certain doors require certain items: could be a specific key for this 
specific door. Also a crowbar or whatever, to break it open if we don't have a 
key, but not all doors can be broken open this way.
- Seeing which item we have equipped in our hand, with an animation when using 
it, for example hitting the door with a crowbar.
- Ooooh... Lockpicking? I love the lockpicking in Skyrim.
- You pick up ammo, which is just mana.
- An enemy to fight.
- If we want different "weapons", we could just have different types of mana, 
which is like different kinds of ammo, and the weapon might be a magic item to 
allow us to cast. This way, it's like having different guns and their 
respective ammo. Anyway, enemies can give us mana when defeated, and the type 
of mana they give depends on which enemy it is. They could give none if they're 
not organic, otherwise they give the default kind of mana, it's the neutral 
mana. It's like the spectrum of light, this mana would be "white". Then, 
certain enemies give a specific kind of mana (fire, ice... Or is it: 
movement/speed, and stillness?). You can find a station to separate your 
neutral mana into different kinds, or to combine special kinds to obtain 
neutral (difficult, as you would need all the different kinds to obtain 
neutral).

[BONUS] ONCE WE NO LONGER USE DDA
- The following feature is too expensive for DDA, and can only be considered if 
another algorithm is used, such as BSP. The feature is the option to have a 
(flat) sprite not facing the camera, but a specific direction. You can use this 
feature in Olafur's pool map, for the ladder. Make it face the "stairs" wall 
(the one ahead of us when we arrive). Use it also for the legs. Make them 
parallel to the entrance wall.
- Keep the ability to have a billboard sprite (= which always faces the 
player). It can be like Doom, which couples this with the selection of a 
different sprite depending on the angle at which we look at the character, 
giving a rough illusion of 3D. Of course, if the sprite only has on texture, 
then it's just one image always facing us, it's okay.
- The ability to look up and down. Use the mouse for that: we already could 
rotate horizontally with the mouse (as well as with keys), now the mouse is 
also responsible for the vertical rotation. For the horizontal mouse rotation, 
it's truly a rotation, the whole player body rotates, it's not just their POV, 
otherwise this would require them to use the rotation keys as well during 
action packed gameplay, and it would be too much, it wouldn't be fun. It's 
easier for them (and for them) to make the whole body rotate. The vertical 
mouse rotation however is just the point of view. (unsure: If we had 
multiplayer or a mirror to see the player character, I would like their head to 
follow the vertical movement.)
- Jump and crouch.
- The ability to fall and see the world go higher and higher until our field of 
view fades to black. Basically, make holes.
- The ability to swim when in water.
- The ability to fly?
- Is it possible to improve the skybox? And about the skybox, can we have 
different layers? Like, the background, and then another for the clouds, which 
slowly move even if we stand still?
- The ability to cast a spell, such as a fireball. You aim with the right click 
and there's crosshair in the middle of the window when you're in "right-click" 
mode.
